Nice
The food we eat now is priceless
And you can't forget that.
Oh, really take out the food, I naturally don't understand
It's okay for them to be mayors
Don't just listen to his bragging here.
I really thought he was as rich as any other country.
He is priceless even if he takes out all the food
It's not enough for us to eat for four or three days
Yes, since sooner or later we will defeat mourning
It's better to leave early
Agree to go, I'll see who dares to go
What do you want?
People who want to leave leave leave others
Wang doesn't care what I said
Don't stop him from doing it
Are you confused?
Once they're gone, the first thing they do is fly away.
If you leave early, it's all over
It's going to rain
You still want to get married
Those who want to leave are too lazy to live
It's better to get together and disperse
package regardless
You go and ask how many people are under your command
Want to leave
The chairperson was ambushed by a traitor
Seriously injured
Before he died, he dragged me to take care of the brothers
It's a pity that I'm incompetent
There are many brothers
Anyone who wants to leave, please
Brothers, the leader is dead and the food is gone
What else do you want?
No, follow me.
You're going to die.
I go
I'm leaving too
Okay. Anybody else going?
I have walked I get off
This half of my youth is gone
What do we do now?
I have a way